docs: Front end development contribution guide & awst node documentation (#400)
algorandfoundation/puya: docs/front-end-guide/readme.md

Reviewer: I think this should be `index.md`? Then you also don't need to specify it in the parent index.

Author: 🤷

Reviewer: Okay you still need to reference it as `/index` but it's the right name in this context. 
Have you checked what the build looks like? I'd suggest moving it down to the bottom of the index, since it's probably the most advanced part of the docs.
It also looks like there's issues with titling:
<img width="290" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad02dffa-6071-4ca6-bc9e-7b04afb055ab" />

Reviewer 2: Fixed up titles and navigation

# Building a front end for Puya

This guide is for those looking to add support for a new front end language to Puya. It makes several assumptions about the reader.

 - They are very familiar with building smart contracts and logic signatures on the Algorand Block Chain and are aware of the AVM and Teal op codes
 - They are familiar with Puya's existing front end languages of Algorand Python and Algorand TypeScript
 - They understand lexing and parsing, and how that applies to the language they would like to target

> Whilst making use of Puya's back end abstracts away the worst of the complexities in lowering a high level front end language to the stack based teal, adding a new front end is still a significant undertaking. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whilst leveraging the Puya back end takes care of a lot of the complexities in lowering a high level front end language to the stack based teal language, adding a new front end is still a significant undertaking. 
```
